chore: added release notes for 1.23 (#14817)
podman-desktop/podman-desktop: website/blog/2025-11-10-release-1.23.md

---
title: Podman Desktop 1.23 Release
description: Podman Desktop 1.23 has been released!
slug: podman-desktop-release-1.23
authors: [gastoner]
tags: [podman-desktop, release, kubernetes]
hide_table_of_contents: false
image: /img/blog/podman-desktop-release-1.23.png
---

import ReactPlayer from 'react-player'
import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';

Podman Desktop 1.23 Release! 🎉

![podman-desktop-hero-1.23](/img/blog/podman-desktop-release-1.23/banner.png)

Podman Desktop 1.23 is now available. [Click here to download it](/downloads)!

This release brings exciting new features and improvements:

> - **Support for a managed configuration**: Loads a 'managed by' default settings file from a pre-defined location on the user's OS to support a managed configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Preconfigure Podman Desktop for your team**: With the new 'managed by' settings you can create a default configuration for your teammates to get started quickly. 
```
